FUTURE.md, before:

# Algorithm IV Dev Tools: The Future

**This Gist is an attempt to share [my](https://github.com/imaginate) vision for [Algorithm IV's Dev Tools](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger) project.**

## Overview

### Build Schedule
- [Console](#console)
- [Profiler](#profiler)
- [Tester](#tester)

### Build Requirements
- Cross-Browser
- Clean & Simple UI / API
- Intuitive UI / API
- Aesthetically Pleasing UI

### Conclusion
- [Overall Project Impacts](#impact)
- [Share Your Insight](#share)
- [Become A Core Contributor](#contribute)
- [Final Words](#final)


## <a name="console"></a>Console

### Purpose
- Maintain the same console experience across every browser
- Improve the management of logs

### Capturing Logs
- Add ``` aIV.logs ``` to manage the logs
- [Monkey patch](http://www.reigndropsfall.net/2010/06/15/monkey-patching/) the original [console](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Console) methods to add each log to ``` aIV.logs ```

### Sharing Logs
- Open a [new window](http://www.quirksmode.org/js/popup.html)
- Load the aIV console's initial [DOM elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model)
- Add a listener to ``` aIV.logs ``` which adds each new log
- Attach [event listeners](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener) to the new window to provide interactive log management


## <a name="profiler"></a>Profiler

### Purpose
- Maintain the same profiling experience across every browser
- Add a cross-browser compatible profiler for older browsers (as far as I am aware this does not exist)
- Improve the management of profiles

### Capturing Profiles
- Add ``` aIV.profiles ``` to manage the profiles
- For the [aIV.console/debug](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/86710137/src/pre-compiled-parts/public-api.js) methods, [start](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/cef372b0/src/pre-compiled-parts/classes/debug/logging-methods.js#L119-145) and [end](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/cef372b0/src/pre-compiled-parts/classes/debug/logging-methods.js#L206-231), add logic that captures each calls statistics and saves the information to ``` aIV.profiles ```

### Sharing Profiles
- Retrieve the aIV console window
- Load a new tab capable of being shown or hidden via JS in the console window
- Add a listener to ``` aIV.profiles ``` which adds each new profile and its details
- Attach [event listeners](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener) to the new tab in the console window to provide interactive profile management


## <a name="tester"></a>Tester
Details coming soon.


## <a name="impact"></a>Overall Project Impacts
Details coming soon.


## <a name="share"></a>Share Your Insight
Details coming soon.


## <a name="contribute"></a>Become A Core Contributor
Details coming soon.


## <a name="final"></a>Final Words
Details coming soon.


--
**[Adam Smith](https://github.com/imaginate)**

<a href="http://www.algorithmiv.com"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/aIV-logo.png" alt="Algorithm IV Logo" /></a>

Commit message:

Added more details to the Future Outline

FUTURE.md, after:

# The Future - Algorithm IV Developer Tools

**This file shares the vision for the [Algorithm IV's Debugger](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger) project. Your thoughts and suggestions as a developer would be highly appreciated!**

## Overview

### Build Schedule
- **[Console](#console)** ~ A JavaScript Console (e.g. [Chrome Console](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools#console) or [Firebug](http://getfirebug.com/)).
- **[Profiler](#profiler)** ~ A JavaScript Performance Profiler (e.g. [Chrome Profiler](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools#javascript-performance) or [FireFox Profiler](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Profiler)).
- **[Testing Framework](#test)** ~ A JavaScript & DOM unit, integration, & end-to-end testing framework (e.g. [Jasmine](http://jasmine.github.io/) and [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/)).

Note: Each tool is meant for a **web browser** and primarily **front-end** portions of projects.

### Build Requirements
- Cross-Browser Compatible
- Clean & Simple UI / API
- Intuitive UI / API

### Build Goals
- Maintain the same console, profiler, & testing experience across every browser.
- Gain more insight into the actions of every JavaScript action with minimal effort.
- Test the actions of private JavaScript functions without inserting tests into your code base.
- Complete unit, integration, or end-to-end tests with the same API & test structure.

### Conclusion
- **[Project Impacts](#impact)**
- **[Share Your Insight](#share)**
- **[Become A Core Contributor](#contribute)**
- **[Final Words](#final)**

<br />
## <a name="console"></a>Console
This section outlines the actions that must be made to add the Console to the existing code base.

### Capturing Logs
- Add ``` aIV.logs ``` to manage the logs
- [Monkey patch](http://www.reigndropsfall.net/2010/06/15/monkey-patching/) the original [console](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Console) methods to add each log to ``` aIV.logs ```

### Sharing Logs
- Open a [new window](http://www.quirksmode.org/js/popup.html)
- Load the aIV console's initial [DOM elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model)
- Add a listener to ``` aIV.logs ``` which adds each new log
- Attach [event listeners](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener) to the new window to provide interactive log management

<br />
## <a name="profiler"></a>Profiler
This section outlines the actions that must be made to add the Profiler to the existing code base with a completed Console.

### Capturing Profiles
- Add ``` aIV.profiles ``` to manage the profiles
- For the [aIV.console/debug](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/86710137/src/pre-compiled-parts/public-api.js) methods, [start](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/cef372b0/src/pre-compiled-parts/classes/debug/logging-methods.js#L119-145) and [end](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/cef372b0/src/pre-compiled-parts/classes/debug/logging-methods.js#L206-231), add logic that captures each calls statistics and saves the information to ``` aIV.profiles ```

### Sharing Profiles
- Retrieve the aIV console window
- Load a new tab capable of being shown or hidden via JS in the console window
- Add a listener to ``` aIV.profiles ``` which adds each new profile and its details
- Attach [event listeners](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener) to the new tab in the console window to provide interactive profile management

<br />
## <a name="test"></a>Testing Framework
Details coming soon.

<br />
## <a name="impact"></a>Project Impacts
Details coming soon.


## <a name="share"></a>Share Your Insight
Details coming soon.


## <a name="contribute"></a>Become A Core Contributor
Details coming soon.


## <a name="final"></a>Final Words
Details coming soon.


--
**[Adam Smith](https://github.com/imaginate)**

<a href="http://www.algorithmiv.com"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/aIV-logo.png" alt="Algorithm IV Logo" /></a>
