README.md, before:

#Make Debugging Your JavaScript Easy

####Algorithm IV's debugger is a JavaScript object constructor that has six different methods that log messages, errors, and more to your console. It makes managing a JavaScript project with multiple classes much simpler by implementing a clear and organized structure to every log made!

##Getting Started
- Download [algorithmIV-debug.min.js](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/src/algorithmIV-debug.min.js)
- Add algorithmIV-debug.min.js to your HTML head like so:
```html
<html>
  <head>
    ...
    <script src="algorithmIV-debug.min.js"></script>
    ...
  </head>
  <body>...</body>
</html>
```
- Use ``` aIV.debug.setConfig(settings) ``` to change the default settings
- Use ``` aIV.debug(className) ``` to create as many debugger objects as you need


##The Methods
Each debug object has the following methods for logging to the console:

|           | example calls                                                                  |
| :-------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **start** | debugInstance.start(methodName, methodArg1, methodArg2, ...)                   |
| **args**  | debugInstance.args(methodName, methodArg1, typeForMethodArg1, ...)             |
| **fail**  | debugInstance.fail(methodName, truthyValue, errorMessage, optionalVar1, ...)   |
| **group** | debugInstance.group(methodName, groupType, optionalMessage, optionalVar1, ...) |
| **state** | debugInstance.state(methodName, logMessage, var1, var2, ...)                   |
| **misc**  | debugInstance.misc(methodName, logMessage, optionalVar1, ...)                  |

Plus the following methods for disabling logs and adding debugger statements:

|                     | example calls                               |
| :-----------------: | :------------------------------------------ |
| **turnOn**          | debugInstance.turnOn(categoryName)          |
| **turnOff**         | debugInstance.turnOff(categoryName)         |
| **turnOnDebugger**  | debugInstance.turnOnDebugger(categoryName)  |
| **turnOffDebugger** | debugInstance.turnOffDebugger(categoryName) |


##Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


##Example
To see the debugger in live projects visit [Algorithm IV's Question Manager](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-question-manager/blob/master/tests/algorithmIV-app.js) or view this debugger's [unit tests](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests.js).

The following example is broken into three parts:
- [The Example Class](#class)
- [The Example Logic](#logic)
- [A Screenshot of the Example's Console Logs](#logs)

###<a name="class"></a>The Example Class
```javascript
/**
 * -----------------------------------------------------
 * Public Class (Example)
 * -----------------------------------------------------
 * @desc An example class for the repo readme.
 * @param {string} name
 * @param {boolean} check
 * @constructor
 */
var Example = function(name, check) {

  /**
   * ---------------------------------------------------
   * Public Property (Example.debug)
   * ---------------------------------------------------
   * @desc An aIV debugger.
   * @type {Debug}
   */
  this.debug = aIV.debug('Example');

  // Start a collapsed console group
  this.debug.group('init', 'open', 'name= $$, check= $$', name, check);

  // Log the start of a new instance of Example
  this.debug.start('init', name, check);

  // Verify the new instances arguments 
  this.debug.args('init', name, 'string', check, 'boolean');

  /**
   * ----------------------------------------------- 
   * Public Method (Example.getCheck)
   * -----------------------------------------------
   * @desc Gets the check.
   * @return {boolean}
   */
  this.getCheck = function() {

    // Log the start of this method
    this.debug.start('getCheck');

    return check;
  };

  /**
   * ----------------------------------------------- 
   * Public Method (Example.getName)
   * -----------------------------------------------
   * @desc Gets the name.
   * @return {string}
   */
  this.getName = function() {

    // Log the start of this method
    this.debug.start('getName');

    return name;
  };

  // Close the open console group
  this.debug.group('init', 'end');
};

// Ensure constructor is set to this class.
Example.prototype.constructor = Example;

/**
 * ----------------------------------------------- 
 * Public Method (Example.prototype.report)
 * -----------------------------------------------
 * @desc Reports the name of passing checks.
 * @return {string}
 */
Example.prototype.report = function() {

  // Log the start of this method
  this.debug.start('report');

  /** @type {string} */
  var name;
  /** @type {boolean} */
  var check;

  name = this.getName();
  check = this.getCheck();

  // Catch failed reports 
  this.debug.fail('report', check, '$$\'s report failed.', name);

  return name + ' => ' + ( (check) ? 'Pass' : 'Fail' );
};
```

###<a name="logic"></a>The Example Logic
```javascript
/** @type {{ test1: Example, test2: Example }} */
var example = {};
/** @type {string} */
var name;
/** @type {boolean} */
var check;

// When the Example constructor is called its debug methods create a new
// console group (debug.group), log its start (debug.start), check its
// arguments (debug.args), and end the group (debug.group)
example.test1 = new Example('Test 1', true);
example.test2 = new Example('Test 2', false);

// debug.args will catch the incorrect argument type and log an error
name = 1;
example.test1.debug.args('logic', name, 'string');

// debug.args can check for more complex types (first check passes and the
// second check fails)
name = [ 'name', 'name' ];
example.test1.debug.args('logic', name, 'strings');
name = [ 1, 1 ];
example.test1.debug.args('logic', name, 'strings');

// debug.state shares the state of variables at any moment
name = 'Test 1';
check = true;
example.test1.debug.state('logic', 'name= $$, check= $$', name, check);

// You can turn off methods with debug.turnOff or in the constructor
example.test1.debug.turnOff('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'This message is NOT logged.');

// You can turn on methods with debug.turnOn (all methods are turned on by
// default)
example.test1.debug.turnOn('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'This message is logged.');

// You can request that any method insert a debugger instance after their logs
// with debug.turnOnDebugger or in the constructor
example.test1.debug.turnOnDebugger('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'A debugger instance should appear.');

// You can remove debugger instances with debug.turnOffDebugger (all debugger
// instances are turned off by default)
example.test1.debug.turnOffDebugger('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'A debugger instance should NOT appear.');

// You can add varaiables easily to your log messages with $$
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'This log recorded $$\'s name.', name);

// The following is an example of catching a bad report from an instance of the
// example class that could create a bug in a full app (debug.fail creates an
// error log for the 'Test 2' report)
example.test1.report();
example.test2.report();
```

###<a name="logs"></a>A Screenshot of the Example's Console Logs
<a href="https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/example/console-logs-screenshot.jpg"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/debugger-console-logs-screenshot.jpg" alt="Screenshot of the Example's Console Logs" /></a>


##Contact Us
- [Open an issue](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/issues) on GitHub.
- Send an email to [learn@algorithmiv.com](mailto:learn@algorithmiv.com).


--
**Happy Developing,**

<a href="http://www.algorithmiv.com"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/aIV-logo.png" alt="Algorithm IV Logo" /></a>

Commit message:

Added note of browser performance to README

README.md, after:

#Make Debugging Your JavaScript Easy

####Algorithm IV's debugger is a JavaScript object constructor that has six different methods that log messages, errors, and more to your console. It makes managing a JavaScript project with multiple classes much simpler by implementing a clear and organized structure to every log made!

##Getting Started
- Download [algorithmIV-debug.min.js](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/src/algorithmIV-debug.min.js)
- Add algorithmIV-debug.min.js to your HTML head like so:
```html
<html>
  <head>
    ...
    <script src="algorithmIV-debug.min.js"></script>
    ...
  </head>
  <body>...</body>
</html>
```
- Use ``` aIV.debug.setConfig(settings) ``` to change the default settings
- Use ``` aIV.debug(className) ``` to create as many debugger objects as you need
- Note that this debugger works best in [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) especially with large volumes of call logs


##The Methods
Each debug object has the following methods for logging to the console:

|           | example calls                                                                  |
| :-------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **start** | debugInstance.start(methodName, methodArg1, methodArg2, ...)                   |
| **args**  | debugInstance.args(methodName, methodArg1, typeForMethodArg1, ...)             |
| **fail**  | debugInstance.fail(methodName, truthyValue, errorMessage, optionalVar1, ...)   |
| **group** | debugInstance.group(methodName, groupType, optionalMessage, optionalVar1, ...) |
| **state** | debugInstance.state(methodName, logMessage, var1, var2, ...)                   |
| **misc**  | debugInstance.misc(methodName, logMessage, optionalVar1, ...)                  |

Plus the following methods for disabling logs and adding debugger statements:

|                     | example calls                               |
| :-----------------: | :------------------------------------------ |
| **turnOn**          | debugInstance.turnOn(categoryName)          |
| **turnOff**         | debugInstance.turnOff(categoryName)         |
| **turnOnDebugger**  | debugInstance.turnOnDebugger(categoryName)  |
| **turnOffDebugger** | debugInstance.turnOffDebugger(categoryName) |


##Contributing
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


##Example
To see the debugger in live projects visit [Algorithm IV's Question Manager](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-question-manager/blob/master/tests/algorithmIV-app.js) or view this debugger's [unit tests](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests.js).

The following example is broken into three parts:
- [The Example Class](#class)
- [The Example Logic](#logic)
- [A Screenshot of the Example's Console Logs](#logs)

###<a name="class"></a>The Example Class
```javascript
/**
 * -----------------------------------------------------
 * Public Class (Example)
 * -----------------------------------------------------
 * @desc An example class for the repo readme.
 * @param {string} name
 * @param {boolean} check
 * @constructor
 */
var Example = function(name, check) {

  /**
   * ---------------------------------------------------
   * Public Property (Example.debug)
   * ---------------------------------------------------
   * @desc An aIV debugger.
   * @type {Debug}
   */
  this.debug = aIV.debug('Example');

  // Start a collapsed console group
  this.debug.group('init', 'open', 'name= $$, check= $$', name, check);

  // Log the start of a new instance of Example
  this.debug.start('init', name, check);

  // Verify the new instances arguments 
  this.debug.args('init', name, 'string', check, 'boolean');

  /**
   * ----------------------------------------------- 
   * Public Method (Example.getCheck)
   * -----------------------------------------------
   * @desc Gets the check.
   * @return {boolean}
   */
  this.getCheck = function() {

    // Log the start of this method
    this.debug.start('getCheck');

    return check;
  };

  /**
   * ----------------------------------------------- 
   * Public Method (Example.getName)
   * -----------------------------------------------
   * @desc Gets the name.
   * @return {string}
   */
  this.getName = function() {

    // Log the start of this method
    this.debug.start('getName');

    return name;
  };

  // Close the open console group
  this.debug.group('init', 'end');
};

// Ensure constructor is set to this class.
Example.prototype.constructor = Example;

/**
 * ----------------------------------------------- 
 * Public Method (Example.prototype.report)
 * -----------------------------------------------
 * @desc Reports the name of passing checks.
 * @return {string}
 */
Example.prototype.report = function() {

  // Log the start of this method
  this.debug.start('report');

  /** @type {string} */
  var name;
  /** @type {boolean} */
  var check;

  name = this.getName();
  check = this.getCheck();

  // Catch failed reports 
  this.debug.fail('report', check, '$$\'s report failed.', name);

  return name + ' => ' + ( (check) ? 'Pass' : 'Fail' );
};
```

###<a name="logic"></a>The Example Logic
```javascript
/** @type {{ test1: Example, test2: Example }} */
var example = {};
/** @type {string} */
var name;
/** @type {boolean} */
var check;

// When the Example constructor is called its debug methods create a new
// console group (debug.group), log its start (debug.start), check its
// arguments (debug.args), and end the group (debug.group)
example.test1 = new Example('Test 1', true);
example.test2 = new Example('Test 2', false);

// debug.args will catch the incorrect argument type and log an error
name = 1;
example.test1.debug.args('logic', name, 'string');

// debug.args can check for more complex types (first check passes and the
// second check fails)
name = [ 'name', 'name' ];
example.test1.debug.args('logic', name, 'strings');
name = [ 1, 1 ];
example.test1.debug.args('logic', name, 'strings');

// debug.state shares the state of variables at any moment
name = 'Test 1';
check = true;
example.test1.debug.state('logic', 'name= $$, check= $$', name, check);

// You can turn off methods with debug.turnOff or in the constructor
example.test1.debug.turnOff('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'This message is NOT logged.');

// You can turn on methods with debug.turnOn (all methods are turned on by
// default)
example.test1.debug.turnOn('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'This message is logged.');

// You can request that any method insert a debugger instance after their logs
// with debug.turnOnDebugger or in the constructor
example.test1.debug.turnOnDebugger('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'A debugger instance should appear.');

// You can remove debugger instances with debug.turnOffDebugger (all debugger
// instances are turned off by default)
example.test1.debug.turnOffDebugger('misc');
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'A debugger instance should NOT appear.');

// You can add varaiables easily to your log messages with $$
example.test1.debug.misc('logic', 'This log recorded $$\'s name.', name);

// The following is an example of catching a bad report from an instance of the
// example class that could create a bug in a full app (debug.fail creates an
// error log for the 'Test 2' report)
example.test1.report();
example.test2.report();
```

###<a name="logs"></a>A Screenshot of the Example's Console Logs
<a href="https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/example/console-logs-screenshot.jpg"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/debugger-console-logs-screenshot.jpg" alt="Screenshot of the Example's Console Logs" /></a>


##Contact Us
- [Open an issue](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/issues) on GitHub.
- Send an email to [learn@algorithmiv.com](mailto:learn@algorithmiv.com).


--
**Happy Developing,**

<a href="http://www.algorithmiv.com"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/aIV-logo.png" alt="Algorithm IV Logo" /></a>
