tests/README.md, before:

#Improving & Testing The Debugger

####Welcome to the spot where all new development and unit testing for aIV.debug occurs. This readme will explain how to [explore](#explore), [add](#add), and [run](#run) our tests.


##<a name="explore"></a>Explore Our Tests
- **[tests/pre-compiled-debug](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/tests/pre-compiled-debug)** ~ All new development for the debugger is located here.
- **[tests/pre-compiled-tests](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/tests/pre-compiled-tests)** ~ All tests for the debugger are located here.
- **[algorithmIV-debug.js](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/algorithmIV-debug.js)** ~ The compiled debugger script.
- **[algorithmIV-tests.js](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/algorithmIV-debug.js)** ~ The compiled tests script.
- **[run-tests.html](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/run-tests.html)** ~ Initializes and reports the results of the debugger's tests.


##<a name="add"></a>Add Or Improve Our Tests
- Fork and clone the repo
- Create a new branch for your additions
- Add or edit unit tests in **[tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests.js](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/pre-compiled-testsclasses/tests.js)**
- Ensure any new tests are included in the init routine located in **[App.prototype.runTests](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/e05c3806325013af5b03c2c7f68726d34138bdc2/tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/app.js#L90-94)**
- Compile the tests module using the commands found in **[compile/compile-commands.txt](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/e05c3806325013af5b03c2c7f68726d34138bdc2/compile/compile-commands.txt#L41-78)**
- **[Run the tests](#run)**
- Fix all bugs found (all unit tests must pass)
- Submit a pull request


##<a name="run"></a>Run Our Tests
- Load **[tests/run-tests.html](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/run-tests.html)** in a **[Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/)** browser
- Open your console
- Click "Start Tests"
- Follow the directions until the results are shown


##Contact Us
- **[Open an issue](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/issues)** on GitHub
- Send an email to **[learn@algorithmiv.com](mailto:learn@algorithmiv.com)**


--
**Thanks for being a part of the aIV team,**

<a href="http://www.algorithmiv.com"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/aIV-logo.png" alt="Algorithm IV Logo" /></a>

Commit message:

Updated the unit test markdown guides

tests/README.md, after:

#New Development & Unit Tests

####This is the spot where all new development and unit testing for aIV.console occurs. This readme will explain how to [explore](#explore), [add](#add), and [run](#run) our unit tests.


##<a name="explore"></a>Explore The Unit Tests
- **[tests/pre-compiled-debug/](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/tests/pre-compiled-debug)** ~ All new development for the debugger is located here.
- **[tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests/](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests)** ~ All unit tests for the debugger are located here.
- **[algorithmIV-debug.js](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/algorithmIV-debug.js)** ~ The compiled debugger script.
- **[algorithmIV-tests.js](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/algorithmIV-tests.js)** ~ The compiled tests script.
- **[run-tests.html](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/run-tests.html)** ~ Runs and reports the results of the unit tests.


##<a name="add"></a>Add/Edit Unit Tests
- Fork and clone this repository
- Create a new branch for your additions
- To add a new unit test open **[tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests/NEW-TESTS-README.txt](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests/NEW-TESTS-README.txt)** and follow the directions
- To update an existing unit test go to the folder **[tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests/](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/tree/master/tests/pre-compiled-tests/classes/tests)** and add your updates to the correct test
- Compile the tests module using the commands found in **[compile/compile-commands.txt](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/compile/compile-commands.txt)**
- Follow the **[run unit tests instructions](#run)** on this page
- Fix all bugs found and re-run the tests until all unit tests are passing
- Submit a pull request


##<a name="run"></a>Run The Unit Tests
- Load **[tests/run-tests.html](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/blob/master/tests/run-tests.html)** in a **[Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/)** browser
- Open your console and click "Start Tests"
- Follow the directions until the results are shown


##Contact Us
- **[Open an issue](https://github.com/imaginate/algorithmIV-javascript-debugger/issues)** on this GitHub repository
- Send an email to **[learn@algorithmiv.com](mailto:learn@algorithmiv.com)**


--
**Thanks for being a part of the aIV team,**

<a href="http://www.algorithmiv.com"><img src="http://www.algorithmiv.com/images/aIV-logo.png" alt="Algorithm IV Logo" /></a>
